Fixed spelling errors in admin docs (#1960)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/publish-aws-woh.md

## Description

> The PublishAWSS3WorkflowOperation will publish your recording to the normal publication channel (eg. engage), but the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PublishAWSS3WorkflowOperation will publish your recording to the normal publication channel (e.g. engage), but the
```
